Mmm, it smells good.
Saint
I heard that you are the number one expert in the Western Regions
I think I can absorb a lot of kung fu from you
You are shameless
You actually learned such an evil technique
Said to transfer the East Palace to march
The kind that keeps my father in the dark
Who is the serious backer in the palace?
Say
It is the emperor of your building emperor
I'm quite serious and teach him Princess Su
Princess Su
The life of the third prince
It seems
It is to fight for the crown prince position for the third prince
Princess Su has always been a wise woman
She looks gentle
I didn't expect it to be him
He is calling all before the father's sickbed
Can actually do these things
I already said everything
You can let me go
I'm the fiancee of the golden retriever
You can't touch my fiancee
I like someone else's fiancee the most
You are despicable
I have
I already told you what you wanted to know
I just said I would let you go